[Rebellbas] 
> Rebellkontakten kallas tills vidare för "Bert"
> Kurt
> Energiresursen kallas för "Murt"
> Du har precis kört klart uppdraget med kidnappning av vetenskapsmannen
> Du vet att de utvunnit information
> Bert har insikt i informationen

"Good that you were able to come, I have urgent information to share with you."
"You might have heard the rumours, now they are confirmed."
"It seems that the scientists have managed to localize an asteroid containing an extreme
amount of murt."
"The amounts are unpreceeded. With that energy source you could either lift the whole system
out of starvation, or use it militarly to destroy entire cities."
"The scientists are hestitant to share this information, as they doubt that neither the rebels
or the alliance in their current state would be able to handle the force it would bring"
"The rebels and the alliance are both on their tracks to its wereabouts through."
"The scientist didn't seem to know the exact coordinate for the meteorite"
"A name was extracted through. It is yet unknown to the rebels who it is"

"But I know him. It is an old collegue of mine residing on Highfence"
"We need to go to him before the rebels and warn him. He will know what to do."
"His name is Kurt"
"Let's go now"


[Färdas till Highfence]

> Rebel while being attacked
"Just tell us where you are going, and this will be over quickly"
"What are the two of you doing? Are you attacking your fellow people?"

> Other rebel
"Why are you keeping the information from us? We trusted you!"
"You traitouros scum, the command will be notified"

> Försöker landa på Highfence
"We can't land now, we would lead them straight to him."
"I don't like it, but it seems like we need to dispose our followers."

[Highfence]

Kurt is standing close to the landing site. "I got the message that you are coming what is this all about?"
"Quickly, let's go inside" Bert answered.
Inside, sitting at a table.
"They have extracted your name from the scientists. It is only a question of time before they'll come here"
"Is that so? Then I guess we need to hurry. How are your alliegiances to the rebels now, can we trust you?"
"You better not. I stand firm in my belief that the current regime must be countered by the people"
"On the other hand, I don't think the rebels are able to handle a energy source like murt in it's current state"
"It would be better for everyone if it stayed hidden until things have calmed down"
"I just came here to warn you, I have full confidence in your judgement here"
"I will leave you now. I have some things to explain to the command." he said with a wry smile.
"You should bring P though. He will be more useful here than when trying to talk sense into the command"

He turns to you. "I believe the best path for this sector is to put our trust in this man."
"You should help him out. Do you have any objections?"

> "What about you?"
-

> "Are you really thinking this will work out?"
- "It might. I think it is the best shot we have right now. The rebels are volatile. If they get their hands on
Murt they will definitely use it military


> "You need to tell me more about the Murt"
- I 


> "No, no objections"
- "Very well, I'll be on my way then. Good luck friend, I hope we'll meet again."


[Färdas till Soelara]


[Soelara]


[Färdas till Fortrun]


[Fortrun]

