Rebellbas
Färdas till forskarstation
Slåss mot alliansskepp som beskyddar stationen
Landa på stationen
Prata med forskaren och tillfångata honom
Fly tillbaka till rebellbasen
Rebellbas

Rebellbas
The commander is looking sternly at you. 
"We have a mission of critical importance for you. It is very important
that this succeeds, as it is a chance for us to keep even steps with the Alliance."
"What I am about to share with you now is critical information you can't disclose with anyone."
"There is a small research faculty close to Peye where a group of scientists have been
exploring a material called Murt. You have surely heard about it, that it has potential
but have failed as a energy source due to both its rarity and the difficulty extracting
energy from it."
"Those scientists have been exploring scraps of the mineral for a long time. It seems like they
recently had a breakthrough in the extraction process. There is still the problem with its rarity
though, but my sources tell me that they have been scanning the system for more of the resource."
"They seem unwilling to share their information with neither us or the Alliance. I would believe that the
reason for this is to keep the control over this energy for themselves."
"The Alliance is on to them though, and it is a matter of time before they find out what the scientists
have disclosed this far. This source could alter the path of this entire solar system. If the Alliance
manage to get their hands on it, their shields and weapons would no longer be limited as today."
"It would be disaster. They would wipe us out entirely, and they could then rule the system with an iron
fist."
"We can't let this happen. We must gain the information before they do. We must not lose on this one.
Do whathever needs to be done in order to succeed."

"Your goal is to go to the station at coordinate (X,X) and retrieve a scientist called Bert-Olle. Try to
persuade him, but don't hestitate to whathever needs to be done to bring him here."
"There will be allied fleets on your way. Try to avoid them if you can. Good luck."

Färdas till forskarstation
..radio.. "It is the Alliance battalion 32 speaking. This is forbidden territory. Turn back, or we will be
forced to strike you down"

[Nivå]
Win: You avoid the fleet, leaving them behind. You start sighting the target station.
Lose: Your ship is badly damaged by the Alliance fleet. Return to the home base, and try again.

Landa på stationen
You slowly lower your ship towards the ground close to the research station. It looks worn down. There
are people hurring into the buildings with worryed looks on their faces.
You walk out from the ship and hurry over to the described building. Inside you find a man looking exactly
as the photo you were showed earlier.
"Are you Bert-Ove?"
He looks at you. He looks quite nervous, analyzing the situation.
"Maybe. I think the more interesting question is who you are. Are you another of the Alliance men
coming here to persuade me? Or are you something else? Are you a rebel? Or are you even acting on your own?"
He eyes you up and down again, adjusting his shoulders.
"The Alliance wouldn't send someone like you here, you look too inexperienced. So you are either a rebel,
or something else."

- "I am sent here by the rebels."

"That seems like the most reasonable explanation.. It is still impressive that you managed to slip by
without a battallion of Allied ships on your tail."
He gazes at you another moment.
"So tell me. What brings you here then? I realize you are after our research.
What do you hope to achieve with it?"
[Dialogue continues]

- "I don't have any business for the rebels. I am working on my own."

"On your own you say. So then what would your goal be? And how did you manage to slip past the
Allied fleets unnoticed?"
He looks at you with furrowed eyebrows.
"So tell me. What brings you here then? I realize you are after our research.
What do you hope to achieve with it?"

"No, don't answer it. Let me guess. You are a rebel. You have been ordered to come here in order to
bring me so that they can extract information from me."
"You are a tool. You are being used for their liking, just as they want to do with me. Do you really
believe in their vision? Salvation through more violence? Means to an end? How many innocent will you
kill to achieve your ignorant goals? What makes you think that anyone would want to follow a group of
manipulative murderers, killing innocent when it suits them?"
He is staring angrily at your face.
"If you want to bring me, you will have to bring me by force. I won't follow you by my own will."
"If you do, I want you to think about what you are doing. I want you to feel what you are doing."
"I want you to realize that you are not helping the people. You are only helping your own egocentric
view of what is best for this sector."
[Dialogue cancelled]

You realize that there is no way to persuade him. Maybe there never was. You quickly grasp him,
sustaining some feeble punches from the angry old man. He is no match for you, and you bring him struggling
to your ship.

- "The rebels are the best way to help the people."

He looks thoughtful for a moment. Then he stares angrily, straight in your eyes.
"You are a tool. You are being used for their liking, just as they want to do with me. Do you really
believe in their vision? Salvation through more violence? Means to an end? How many innocent will you
kill to achieve your ignorant goals? What makes you think that anyone would want to follow a group of
manipulative murderers, killing innocent when it suits them?"
He is staring angrily at your face.
"If you want to bring me, you will have to bring me by force. I won't follow you by my own will."
"If you do, I want you to think about what you are doing. I want you to feel what you are doing."
"I want you to realize that you are not helping the people. You are only helping your own egocentric
view of what is best for this sector."

- "We need to prevent the Alliance from asserting total control over this sectors people."

He looks thoughtful.
"So what you say is that we should prevent the bigger evil by helping the lesser?
For me, both are as bad. Both are forcing their solutions to those who in many cases don't want them.
In boths own opinions, they are the saviours. They hold the best way.
In reality no-one actually knows. I don't know, and I really don't think you do.
But maybe it is the best way to help the rebels in this particular case. I think none of those
organizations are able to handle the power it could bring. In this moment it looks like the Alliance
soon are there. I will help you in order to even the balance, and hopefully give enough time
to bring a better solution."

Together you walk out to your ship. A lot of people are looking at you. Afraid.
You can't help but wonder if you really are helping those people.

...radio... "The Alliance has gotten the word about you, and are heading for you with a large force.
They really seem to be on the edge about this. Try to get away as quickly as you can. We are cancelling our
activities here. We will come and delay the Alliance."

You are met by the commander. The instance he sees Bert-Ove, he cracks a wide smile.
"Well done, well done! Maybe there is some hope after all."
Bert-Ove is silent, cautiously eyeing the surroundings.
"Bring him with me" he tells to men. "I don't know how cooperative he is.
I guess it doesn't matter, he will soon cooperate anyway"
He turns to you.
"You will get further instructions about our next step when we have extracted what we want to know.
Well done!"
You leave with a nagging feeling of doubt in your stomache.


















