Rebell-arc
- Text

Your former commander stares at you. "So the traitor has returned. I guess you have changed your mind,
the Alliance is not as promising as before?"
His mimic melted slightly. "We know that you might have crucial information about the whereabouts of
this meteor everyone is so fired up about. Help us out here, and I will make sure that we'll make
your hickup slide."
"It is imperial that we get to the meteor before the Alliance. If they are the ones to get control over it
they will be able to totally dominate this sector militarily. It will be their rule, with their rules.
The people will have no way to fight back, and the less interesting parts of the galaxy will succumb to poverty
and starvation."
"I hope you'll help us. I know that you don't like all of our methods. We feel the same. But sometimes
there are things you must do. You must never forget your goal. And if you not are willing to make sacrifices,
those who are will beat you there."

"Are you willing to help us out?"

"Yes. I'll show you to the meteor"
- His face lit up. "Fantastic. I know you were made of the right material. Let's leave right away.
The Alliance is not idle. They will attack with everything they've got. Let's roll out!"

"It is a big decision. I'll need some more time to think.."
- His smile dropped. "I don't know what you are thinking. I am afraid you aren't thinking straight"
His eyed almost looked begging, desperate. "Please change your mind. We will forget your past.
If you help us here, you are helping everyone"

- Valdialog
- Om ja, så färdas ni tillsammans i Overworlden till asteroidbältet

"It looks like we will beat the Alliance to the meteor, but they will be close behind us. The question
is how much time we have to prepare before they arrive. We need to hurry. Lead the way."

"So this is the place. It doesn't look much for the world. Let's start setting up the operation.
Our goal is to extract enough of the material to secure our foothold from the Allied attacks."

- Mer text vid ankomst till bältet (i dialogruta?)

"Shit, they are already here! We must fend them of, it will still take some time before we have etablished
the extraction. You, take the lead of the defence. It is crucial for our success that you keep them at bay."

[Nivå börjar. I det här fallet, skjut av ett visst antal fiender]

- Avvärj två allierade anfall

"Well done! We are almost there now. Keep your stances for only a little bit longer. They will throw
everything they got at us now. It is crucial you keep them of long enough"

[Nivå börjar, överlev viss tid (2 minuter?) Efter 2 minuter, support från overpowered allierade, samt oändlig sköld?]
> "We have reached it! Time to strike back! We will make them pay for what they have done. Strike them down without mercy!"

"The counterattack is progressing quickly on all flanks. This area is soon secure. After that, we will establish control at
Soelara, and from there we can finally launch an attack on their HQ at Fortrun. This is truly a glorious moment."

(- Undrar om man kan visualisera i Overworlden att man är belägrad av en allierad flotta?)
- Text mellan och efter som beskriver hur processen med resursen går
- Slutligen ett större anfall där ni nu har tillgång till energin, och krossar motståndet.
- Eftertext
- Outro



Allians-arc
- Text

Your former collegue stares sceptically at you. "So you are back.. I guess the rebels wasn't as
nice and cosy as you thought.."
"You have the opportunity to really help us out here. We are in quite the pinch. Both we and the
rebels are searching for the meteor, but they seem to have the upper hand in the search due to that
poor scientist they kidnapped. What kind of people does things like that?"
"You could help us out. It looks like they will beat us to the meteor, but if you help us we might get
to them before they can start utilizing the energy. When they does, show mercy on this sector."
"They will kill every single one of us Alliance. Then they will kill of those who have helped them.
They will claim it is for the higher purpose of freeing the people. What they don't realise is that
they will be the peoples new slavers, much cruder and harsher than we ever have been."
"I'm the first to admit that we not always have been the nicest. But we are trying to be righteous.
It is so hard in times like those to make everyone happy"

"Will you help us? With your information, we might, just might this catastrophe from developing.
We will strike swiftly, and we will show mercy on those who lay down their weapons. You have my word"

"Yes. I'll show you to the meteor"
- He looked sincerely happy about this. "We won't let you down. Come, lets finally bring peace and prosperity to this sector."

"It is a big decision. I'll need some more time to think.."
- He looked even more stern. "They are fooling you, with their cosy words. The reality is something else.
They are far worse than us. You know they torture innocent people, you know they won't hestitate to kill civilians
in order to gain power. I sincerely hope that you'll change your mind"

"It appears they managed to arrive before us. It appears they have started trying to extract the mineral.
But it might be that they haven't reached it yet, as we can't see any signs of abnormal energy sources on our radars.
It is a matter of time though. If they manage to access it we are done for. They won't show us any mercy.
They won't show us any reason. We have no choice, we must wring the meteor out of their hand before it is too late."

- Valdialog
- Om ja, så färdas ni tillsammans i Overworlden till asteroidbältet (där rebellerna redan fått fäste)
- Mer text vid ankomst till bältet (i dialogruta?)

"They are most likely waiting for us, but we have no choice but push on. They will beat us in number.
But we can beat them in skill and dicipline. Let's show those dogs who they are tooling with.
Let's break through!"

[Bana, överlev viss tid]

"We made it! Their outer troops are busy fighting the following fleets. Now, let's target their extraction site!
We can't hold back now, give it all you've got!"

[Bana, överlev först viss tid, sedan boss-fleet]

"We are there! Quickly, bring down their last defenses!"

"Yes! We got them! We have the source! Now, let's strike back quickly. We must act quickly, they will most likely
try to inflict as much damage as they can before we assume total control over the sector. They must be controlled.
Kill them if you must."

"The plan is to quickly eliminate their forces here. When they are gone, we will quickly fan out to the planets
and resume order and control. Soon we will have peace and prosperity in the sector. This is truly a glorious moment."

- Genomför två anfall mot rebellerna
(- Undrar om man kan visualisera i Overworlden att bältet är belägrat av en allierad flotta?)
- Text mellan och efter som beskriver hur anfallet går
- Slutligen ett större anfall där ni nu har tagit över tillgången till energin, och krossar rebellerna.
- Eftertext
- Outro

On Your Own-arc
- Åk till asteroidbältet

..radio contact initiated.. "What should we do? We could blow it up, or we could help either the Rebels
or the Alliance gaining access to the mineral. It might be used to save this sector, and let us live here
for several more hundred years. Or it might initiate a war which will scar every single planet, and induce suffering unheard of."
He started sounding more and more desperate. "I don't know, I don't know, I DON'T KNOW! We are not the right people to make
those decisions. What do you think we should do?"

"We need to take this in our hands. We need to blow it up."
- You heard them mumble ..this will make us the murderes.. ..there is no other way..
and then finally, with a trembling voice. "Yes. Let's go."

"We need more time to think. Let's see what the Alliance and Rebels has to say"
- You hear a sigh of release from the other. "Yes, let's do that."

- Text, fatta beslut i dialogruta

"Patrolling alliance fleet incoming!"
"..radio.. Identify yourselves! Alliance or rebels? Alliance or rebels?"

[Banan börjar - Överlev banan]

"That was close! Both the Alliance and the Rebels are really on their edge. We need to stay careful."

- Undvik allierade (bana)
- Text

"It is a rebel fleet over there, I think they have seen us!
"..radio.. I don't recognize you, who are you!?"
"..."
"We don't have time for this, attack!"

[Banan börjar - Överlev banan]

"I think we managed to shake them of! We are soon there, keep yourselves together.."

- Undvik rebeller (bana)

"There it is, the meteor. Now we have our chance, for better or worse"
Another pilot "Are we really sure about this? It is not too late for us to turn back.
This would kill not only us, but thousands of people. Rebel fighters, Allied troops and civilians alike.
Soelara will not be habitable. The poverty will still be there. We are about to blow up the last
beacon of hope for humanity! I can't do this! I'm leaving NOW!"
"We need to stay firm everyone! We have decided"
"No, it is time for me to finally take a stand. I'm leaving!!!" A second pilot quickly disappears.
You are still five pilots.
"..radio, targeted to you.. What will you do? Should we really go through with this?"
The other pilots radios went silent for a moment, waiting for your response.

This moment will not only decide your fate. It will decide the fate of an entire solar system. This choice will
leave a mark in history, for better of for worse.

"This is what needs to be done. We cannot hestitate now. Let's finish what we are here to do."

"No, we don't have the right to do this decision for all those people. We must leave, now."

- Text
- Ytterligare beslutspunkt

Burn it

You line up readying yourselves for what you are about to do.
...radio contact... "We will fire simultaneously. Hopefully it will be enough energy to trigger a chain reaction in the meteor"
"This will be the end of us and our friends. On the other hand, it might be a chance for the sector to live on."
"Let's hope they'll take good care of this chance."

"It has been an honor to know you all. Ready your weapons.."
"..3.."
"..2.."
"..1.."
"FIRE"

You pull the trigger, firing a bright line of intense energy right into the center of the meteor.
A fraction of a second later it is joined by another one, and then another one.
You see how the meteor catches fire. First slowly, then faster and faster. Then suddenly you feel an intense heat,
the meteor becomes a quickly growing orb of fire. The fire comes closer and closer.

"What have we done.."

Then everything went black.

You are gone.

- Text (laddning riggas)
- Överlev en viss tid på nivå
- Nivån avbryts av en våg av eld, där alla skepp på skärmen bränns ut
- Kommer till overworlden där en explosion spränger bort bältet och alla skepp
- Text
- Outro

Coward

You are quickly leaving the meteor site. The other pilots are following you.
You think you hear them mumble "is this the right choice..", but it might be your own thoughts speaking.
The choice is made. It is not up to you, a handful of rookies, to decide the fate of the solar system.

"Hurry, both rebels and the alliance are closing in! The meteor will become the battle site!"

...EXPLOSION...

...silence...

...silence...

...radio contact... "Is anyone there? Are you there? My ship is badly damaged, I don't think I will make it"

...silence...

"Why didn't we try to stop it? Why didn't we see it earlier? Why? Why?"

...silence...

You realise that you are on your own. The only of your group that managed to survive.
Surviving due to your resolve to flee, to push the decision to others.
Others that apparently couldn't handle it.

...silence... 

- Text (du/ni flyr fältet)
- Ni blir angripna, och ska helt enkelt undfly fienden
- Ni lyckas ta er därifrån
- När ni färdats en viss bit bort i Overworlden sprängs allt bort, du överlever med lite liv
- Text
- Outro












